# Name: Hedera-OB
# Author: sxsixfive <sixsixfive.deviantart.com>

# Menu settings
menu.title.bg: Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color: #ece8e2
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: left

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ece8e2
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #a5a5a5

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color: #ce6793
menu.items.active.text.color: #000000
menu.separator.color: #b1aeaa

# Window settings (focused)
window.active.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #000000

window.active.handle.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.active.grip.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #302f2e

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ce6793

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #ece8e2

window.active.button.hover.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ce6793

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #ce6793

window.active.border.color: #474644
window.active.title.separator.color: #ece8e2

# Window settings (unfocused)
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #646464

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ece8e2

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #a5a5a5

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #ce6793

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #ece8e2

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #ce6793

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #ece8e2
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #ce6793

window.inactive.border.color: #474644
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #ece8e2

### Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 6
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: Center
menu.overlap: 0

### Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=0
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=0:shadowoffset=0
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n:shadowtint=0
